Hi guys, everything is good in my last video.
What happened to the purchases you made in the states?
united for children
some girls asked to record the
beauty makeup campaign in general
I can do it today, it's going to stay
sitting down to show the product making a
makeup with him too
Make-up already normal so the father-in-
Beauty but waiting for the elderly, good kiss
the study tones
so I'll start getting km hme that
Actually, I thought I had
more body but he does not have much body
of use one with the other functions of it
either as a moisturizer or as a sunscreen
But I thought I would like it more.
pilot did not like it that much, but like
works as sunscreen
so I'm going through before
prime and the next thing for me is
another step in sbt king it is to decrease
pores and I do not know if it really does
but how it leaves a silicone
very good texture on the skin then passed
to pass the base also base
with this high sda with verón that speaks
very good of her for some girls here
on youtube and I really liked it
it got heavy on my skin and even the skin
but it was also so thin that I
I really like to charge a lot
thing
much better than yesterday
the corrective meet and see online
maybelline also with whom he
very good it seems so heavy but
He is not my first after the brush.
same is the project is to pass base of some
taps so to leave think
more natural since you can pass
and dust to secure bets only
passes on the match that I can corrective
even in the nose there are master of rimmel
london and there just to do the corrective
last longer in the place where I spent that
transparent west law which is a
transparent mascara I use to put my
eyebrow in place
How do I make so much eyebrow hope
that I had passed an act that believes
I was too lazy and I did not
I normally use the day-to-day
shade clearer only to one end of the
eye to flame attention fired
I'm going to pass this blow to the mouth to
the lips that I'm famous brother he is
well treated and usually does not pass
lipstick is that I come back face of the river received
hylda benefit you quite spend on
eye and if on the other
I'll pass the other and get dressed. I love it.
also in-line hockey and they have the same
effect has almost the same brush is
just like
then I will demonstrate the whole
talent to pass an eye pencil in
its real value
I'm very scared of anything at all.
my eye so I dedicate this lapse
gold eyebrow beige and bright
I'll use the act inside the eye and
again on Sunday two shih this
bright damiani and it looks like it's okay
strong but he's not that strong
pass by looks very pretty
I think it's beautiful
- and then this product Jessica Biel off
I can not show but I use it later.
of the shampoo pronouns hydrated and then
dry the noel and I think talking has to
to hold in Brazil a man too
wonderful and my hair is superior in
put today I will pass this shampoo to
dry than battisti
He sells here in Brazil, too.
sold at a beauty shop has to give
a pass at the root and this is
White even passing where I want
Sort of like that because they're joão.
may it be that my oily root hair where
I want a country where one more pi
I step by step and stay even longer
but then concentrated to practice and John
moutinho and then I like to know where
I spend the shampoo just to spread
right then and there too
I'm going to tear my hair and take the
product excess is great because they
hair embarrassment or not break so much
count on him a lot and I'll do
babyliss the trees of the hair do
that growth like fish and
then I tried again have to have
dried wonder like a baby without that
white on that tweezers has to touch
to be able to do all the caches
so he already comes with a little
American newey brand will also leave
all names and products here
below if interested in the box of
information using very
smooth with bills
There are boxes to go
one grace plus 300 things unfortunately
Do not have bags for another day, I'll finish.
making making too much noise on the site
washed face
Those I thought were not
get a goal against be
right but he's asking for my
I'm leaving for mine soon
the band is very fast that passes less
15 minutes each one always stays with
face of messy better than I can
express chrome mira smash it
to hold cash and these
were the beauty companies better
that before the market recently sends a
kiss